READEMEnotes.md, before:

Problem: create a task planner for the work day

- display date on top
- ^dynamically changes


- set hours: 9am - 5pm (workday hours)
    - past hours gray out
    - current hour is red/yellow
    - upcoming hours are green
- ^dynamically change with time 



- saveBtn allows user to save their input
    - save into local storage -> when refresh, will stay



# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

## Your Task

Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Day.js](https://day.js.org/en/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Day.js in the browser.

## User Story

```md
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

<!-- @TODO: create ticket to review/update image) -->
![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Grading Requirements

> **Note**: If a Challenge assignment submission is marked as “0”, it is considered incomplete and will not count towards your graduation requirements. Examples of incomplete submissions include the following:
>
> * A repository that has no code
>
> * A repository that includes a unique name but nothing else
>
> * A repository that includes only a README file but nothing else
>
> * A repository that only includes starter code

This Challenge is graded based on the following criteria:

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

  * Uses a date utility library to work with date and time

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL

* Application loads with no errors

* Application GitHub URL submitted

* GitHub repo contains application code

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate

* Application user interface style is clean and polished

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages

* Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application

* The URL of the GitHub repository, with a unique name and a README describing the project

- - -
© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

condensed the localStorage display into a loop! completed the README

READEMEnotes.md, after:

Problem: create a task planner for the work day

- display date on top
    - ^dynamically changes using Day.js

- set hours: 9am - 5pm (workday hours)
    - past hours gray out
    - current hour is green
    - upcoming hours are yellow
- ^dynamically change with time 

- saveBtn allows user to save their input
    - save into local storage -> when refresh, will stay
    - continue to display



# 05 Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler

## Your Task

Create a simple calendar application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery.

You'll need to use the [Day.js](https://day.js.org/en/) library to work with date and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using Day.js in the browser.

## User Story

```md
AS AN employee with a busy schedule
I WANT to add important events to a daily planner
SO THAT I can manage my time effectively
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```md
GIVEN I am using a daily planner to create a schedule
WHEN I open the planner
THEN the current day is displayed at the top of the calendar
WHEN I scroll down
THEN I am presented with timeblocks for standard business hours
WHEN I view the timeblocks for that day
THEN each timeblock is color coded to indicate whether it is in the past, present, or future
WHEN I click into a timeblock
THEN I can enter an event
WHEN I click the save button for that timeblock
THEN the text for that event is saved in local storage
WHEN I refresh the page
THEN the saved events persist
```

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

<!-- @TODO: create ticket to review/update image) -->
![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar and edits the events.](./Assets/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Grading Requirements

> **Note**: If a Challenge assignment submission is marked as “0”, it is considered incomplete and will not count towards your graduation requirements. Examples of incomplete submissions include the following:
>
> * A repository that has no code
>
> * A repository that includes a unique name but nothing else
>
> * A repository that includes only a README file but nothing else
>
> * A repository that only includes starter code

This Challenge is graded based on the following criteria:

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the above acceptance criteria plus the following:

  * Uses a date utility library to work with date and time

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL

* Application loads with no errors

* Application GitHub URL submitted

* GitHub repo contains application code

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate

* Application user interface style is clean and polished

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages

* Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application

## Review

You are required to submit the following for review:

* The URL of the deployed application

* The URL of the GitHub repository, with a unique name and a README describing the project

- - -
© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
